Hmmm
por N
Shu
It is around
Oh yesterday I introduced the first lottery precure application start, but
I wrote and cast lots to say at most lottery of the pre-cure the picture customer or the use
This id is
It is version play b, if you input it as a double chance
A heart stage figure cure Lubri Lovely in this figure
What a 50-person campaign is doing
I'm 5 times this time so I'm going to id
Sae Koe entered live
With multiple registration
It's like this, with multiple registrations
Now that I have registered
Let's do it first of all
Press the button to advance to the game
When
id input confirmed Yes here
Would you like
Would you like to go up a little
Changjajan
Oh, Ichiban Kuji Pretty Cure All Stars Double Chance Campaign
If you win the Heart Step figure cure first time
It is in
You collect it with the figure of er the c prize and decorate the room
I'm
A period of 9:00
10 days before June
Currently 5 tickets now
When an id is entered and a campaign challenge is done pressing this stan
During the double-chance challenge had Hey Hey now
I'm such I would like but is sneezing is likely
I'll put up with you now Please wait a moment
Follow
Yes
I'm sorry
And let's see the result with this during double charge challenge
When you press next
How
You can see the result of the lottery on the spot whether the figure hits or not
Press I Press
Oh, it is miss
There are many hits
Get points and try again
What
Ah ah ah ah
Yes and it is a notice of the video of love delivery Tonight is the Kasashon's Kamen Rider Samu Narikiri
Playing
As we plan around 5 o'clock of the evening for the abolition, look forward to
So let's do our best today as well
Please hurry